Hi everyone. We have basically designed a hardware anti anti-cheat. Anti Cheat is software that is present in games like fortnite, Valorant, Batlle Grounds
and others . This prevents the usage of game emulators like Auto-Aiming and Auto-Firing which the user usually uses to cheat the game. This is usually detected by the RiotVangard which is an anti-cheat software. In order to tackle this problem we have designed a hardware model that uses a Rasperrypi Board. To implement this we designed a simple Space-Invaders game with simple operations.These operations are performed by the board . The board mimics the keyboard and works as the keyboard. For the hardware part we have used servo motors which act as the human hands here. Since this is still the initial stages of this project we used only two servo motors for right and left gaming operations. We have designed the sprites for the game on pinta. The game itself was created using pygame. The algorithm for the real time object detection is designed in C++
, OpenCV is used for video processing, python to operate the servo motors.The camera captures real time video and processes the stripes. The algorithm is designed in such a way that the enemy closest to the hero is shot first. The rasperrypi board takes decisions and makes the servo motors function accordingly. The use cases for this project include 
Enemy Detection and Tracking, Real-time Gameplay Interaction, etc..., .Although we have implemented it only as a 1D model it can be scaled up to a 2D model as well. This 2D model can be used in many applications like Steel manufacturing, Automated Delivery, Autnomous mobility etc...
